good afternoon my name is chanel I come
from Sri Lanka
I work in Grand Hyatt Doha as a sous
chef today I'm gonna prepare people
eggplant sri lankan style it it's a
vegetarian dish plus more often you can
find it over this area first we have a
eggplant here cut into strips we have a
sliced garlic some salt coriander powder
curry leaves sliced onion mustard seeds
green chillies splitted into two vinegar
and to garnish the dish we have some
tomato sliced onion rings and some fried
curry leaves first we have to fry the
eggplant when frying the egg man you
must make sure that it's nice in color
the texture should not be a over bird
but should be a bit move on to brown
color because I as you cook it after
then only it absorbs all the vinegar the
sugar then only the flavor comes
actually depending on the heat if you
have a good heat on your pan it will
take only 5 to 6 minutes while frying
you must make sure you constantly mix it
otherwise a only one side will get fried
and the other side will not so you must
make sure he's a turn so the eggplant is
fried equal so our eggplant is already
being cooked now so we have to take it
out and put it on at each end issues for
the excess oil to absorb now in a
separate pan heat up a pan and put some
oil corn oil basically you can use any
kind of oil as Asians it's better if you
can use coconut oil because for Asian
cooking coconut oil is very good it's
very heart healthy it's very good
when the oil is heated up first you add
the mustard seed then you can add the
curry leaves the green chili sliced
onion and the Christ cut you can get the
smell nice
when it's golden brown lightly frying
then you must add the eggplant into your
onions let it cook for a while now you
can add vinegar
salt
so that makes too much because the fried
eggplant will mash and it will be more
sake
so should stay a bit like crispy yes now
it's done before you plate now you must
add some coriander powder into it next
you mix it well make sure it doesn't
break off
finally to finish the plate we will add
some finely sliced tomato skin on top
some onion rings
and some nicely crispy curry leaves
here we go a nice because a glance Sri
Lankan style Ramadan Kareem to our